Research is what I am doing when I don't know what I am doing. - Werner von Braun
Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon. - Snoopy
The great thing about being imperfect is the joy it brings others.- Sign outside Lake Agassiz Jr. High School, Fargo, N.D.
It is unworthy of excellent men to lose hours like slaves in the labor
of calculation which could be safely relegated to anyone else if a machine were used. - G. W. von Leibniz
Nothing will be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. - The golden principle, Paul Dickson's "The Official Rules"
The reason man's best friend is a dog is because he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong and circumvent these, then a fifth way will develop. - Murphy's twelfth law
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides. - Margaret Thatcher
When all else fails, try the boss's suggestion.
If other people are going to talk, conversation is simply impossible. - Whistler's principle
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. - Steven Wright
Be not the first by whom the new are tried, nor yet the the last to lay the old aside. - Alexander Pope
If it happens, it must be possible. - The unnamed law from Paul Dickson's "The Official Rules"
College professor: someone who talks in other people's sleep.
Life can only be understood backward, but must
be lived forward. - Kirkegaard
You know you've spoken too long when the audience stops looking at their watches and starts shaking them.
Sign seen in a restaurant - we reserve the right to serve refuse to anyone.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
Happiness is not having what you want - happiness is wanting what you have! - From Mrs. Severn's desk
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. - Len Wein
Asking dumb questions is easier than corecting dumb mistakes.
Sacred cows make the best hamburger. - Mark Twain
The solution to a problem changes the problem. - John Peers: Paul Dickson's "The Official Rules"
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it. - Lewis Carrol, Alice in Wonderlan
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. - Dan Stanford
We have left undone those things which we ought to have done, and we have done those things which we ought not to have done. - Book of common prayer
A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer.
Actors are so fortunate. They can choose whether they will appear in a tragedy or in comedy, whether they will suffer of make merry, laugh or shed tears.  but in real life it is different. Most men and women are forced to perform parts for which they have no qualifications. The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast. - Oscar Wilde
In the universe the difficult things are done as if they were easy. - Lao-Tsu
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead. - Newton's seventh law
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there. - Josh Billings
Chinese fortune cookie of Jan 1 1967 say.... all things are difficult before they are easy. We learn so little and forget so much. You will overcome obstacles to achieve success. Ah so.
Mom and dad went to alpha centauri and all I got was this dumb T-shirt.
Getting a simple answer from a professor is like getting a thimble of water from a fire hydrant. - Prof. Len Shapiro, NDSU
Models are to be used, not believed. - Paraphrased by H. Thiel in "Principles of Econometrics"
Science at its best provides us with better questions, not absolute answers. - Norman Cousins, 1976
We are reaching the stage where the problems we must solve are going to become insoluble without computers. I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them. - Issac Asimov
Be careful not to become too good of a songbird or they'll throw you into a cage. - Snoopy to Woodstock
The doughnut creed as you ramble on through life, brother whatever be your goal keep your eye upon the doughnut and not upon the hole.
The meek shall inherit the earth. (The rest of us will escape to the stars)
All papers that you save will never be needed until such time as they are disposed of, when they become essential. - John Corcoran in Paul Dickson's "The Official Rules"
There is no subject, however complex, which, if studied with patience and intelligience will not become more complex. - Quoted by D. Gordon Rohman
If you get confused, logic out your dilemma. - Picker X-ray corp. digital printer manual CA. 1964
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
If you want to learn from the theoretical physicists about the methods which they use, I advise you to follow this principle very strictly: don't listen to their words; pay attention, instead, to their actions. - A. Einstein, 1934
Those with the gold make the rules. - Peter's golden rule
To suspect your own mortality is to know the beginning of terror. To learn irrefutably that you are mortal is to know the end of terror. - Jessica: Children of Dune by Frank Herbert
Wisdom is knowing what to do, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is not doing it.
All science is either physics, or stamp collecting. - Ernest Rutherford, 1871-1937.
Theory: supposition which has scientific basis, but not experimentally proven. Fact: a theory which has been proven by enough money to pay for the experiments. - The wizard of ID
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.  Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories rather than theories to suit facts. - Sherlock Holmes
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects. - Will Rogers
Unless we change directions, we will wind up where we are headed. - Confucius
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. - A. Einstein
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right. - Ashleigh Brilliant
Michael Faraday, asked by a politician what good his electrical discoveries were, replied "at present I do not know, but one day you will be able to tax them."
A chemical physicist makes precise measurements on impure compounds. A theoretical physical chemist makes imprecise measurements on pure compounds. An experimental physical chemist makes imprecise measurements on impure compounds.
KNOWING is a barrier which prevents learning. - Teaching of the Bene Gesserit
There's a sucker born every minute. - Phineas Taylor (P.T.) Barnum
An airplane is a collection of spare parts flying in close formation.
A mustache hair across a chip is like a redwood tree falling through a housing project. - An IBM manager in east Fishkill, New York: as quoted in "from sands to circuits", IBM Innovation January 1985.
... for afterwards a man finds pleasure in his pains, when he has suffered long and wandered far. - Homer
Nothing resembles a new phenomenon as much as a mistake. - Enrico Fermi (?)
Asking for efficiency and adaptability in the same program is like asking for a beautiful and modest wife... we'll probably have to settle for one or the other. - The Psychology of Computer Programming: Gerald M. Weinberg
QED = W**5 (which was what we wanted)
My group meetings aren't very structured. - Prof. M. S. Gordon, Oct. 5, 1984
The length of a meeting is proportional to the square of the participants.
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.... - Lowell - among my books
Mud thrown is ground lost. - From a tea bag
In the long run, digging for truth has always proved not only more interesting but more profitable than digging for gold. - George R. Harrison
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience. - (Certain Maxims of Archy  - Don Marquis)

		Charlie Brown - Which do you think lasts longer in life, the good things or the bad things?
		Linus - Good things last eight seconds .. bad things last three weeks.
		Charlie Brown - What about in between?
		Snoopy - In between you should take a nap ...
		
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have. - Doris Mortman
Experience is a wonderful thing. It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. - Back of a sugar packet
I love mankind - it's people I can't stand. - Linus of Peanuts
Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone. - Jim Fiebig
What some people mistake for the high cost of living is really the cost of living high. - Doug Larson
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way. - Josh Billings
The hours that make us happy make us wise. - John Masefield
There's nothing wrong with following a train of thought... as long as it ultimately pulls into the station.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
A slip of the foot you may soon recover, but a slip of the tongue
you may never get over. - Ben Franklin
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
A scientist is someone whose curiosity survives education's assaults on it. - Sir Hermann Bondi
In the fight between you and the world, back the world. - Franz Kafka
Times have changed. In the bible when an ass spoke it was considered a miracle.
A leading authority is anyone who has guessed right more than once. - Frank A. Clark
My description of experience is not what happens to a man.  Experience is what a man does with what happens to him. - Chuck Knox, Seattle Seahawks, 1985
I have not failed, I have only discovered 10,000 ways that didn't work. - Thomas A. Edison
"Mathematics is the art of giving the same name to different things." - H. Poincare
Women hold up half the sky. - Mao Tse Tung
...the physicists have made their universe, and if you do not like it, you must make your own. - E. R. Harrison in "Cosmology" (1980)
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. - William James
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
Do you know that the letters in "episcopal", when rearranged, spell "Pepsi Cola"?
If you're not part of the solution, then you're part of the precipitate.
If I have seen farther, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. - Sir Isaac Newton
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
It was a game, a very interesting game one could play. Whenever one solved one of the little problems, one could write a paper about it.  It was very easy in those days for any second-rate physicist to do first-rate work. There has not been such a glorious time since. It is very difficult now for a first-rate physicist to do second-rate work. - P. A. M. Dirac, on the early days of quantum mechanics: Directions in Physics, 1978, p. 7
Black holes suck.
We tend to meet any new situation by reorganizing. It can be a wonderful method for creating the illusion of progress while producing confusion, inefficiency, and demoralization. - Petronius Arbiter, 210 B.C.
The one-eyed view of our universe says you must not look far afield for problems. Such problems may never arrive. Instead, tend to the wolf within your fences. The packs ranging outside may not even exist. - The Azhar Book Shamra I:4, Children of Dune, by Frank Herbert
And all this science I don't understand
		It's just my job five days a week - Elton John, "Rocket Man"
Goord's axiom: a meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
If you believe certain words, you believe their hidden arguments. When you believe something is right or wrong, true or false, you believe the assumptions in the words which express the arguments. Such assumptions are often full of holes, but remain most precious to the convinced. - The Open-Ended Proof from the Panoplia Prophetica, Children of Dune by Frank Herbert
The red light is always longer than the green light. - Peter's Theory of Relativity
I know you believe you understand what you think I said, but I am not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
"Where shall I start, please your majesty?" he asked.
		"Begin at the beginning," the king said gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop." - Lewis Carroll
If at first you don't succeed, try looking in the wastebasket for the directions.
It takes greater character to carry off good fortune than bad. - French proverb.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers inthe future may have only 1,000 vacuum tubes and weigh only 1 1/2 tons. - Popular Mechanics, March 1949
Heaven's net casts wide. Though its meshes are coarse, nothing slips through. - Lao-Tsu
Evans boldly put 50 atm. of ethylene in a cell with 25 atm. of oxygen. The apparatus subsequently blew up, but luckily not before he obtained the spectra shown in figure 8. - A. J. Merer and R. S. Mulliken, Chem. Rev. 69, 645 (1969)
Morning people are usually admired as early birds. Recall Ben Franklin's aphorism that the early bird gets the worm. I identify with the worm. - Craig Jagger, Minneapolis, KS.
It is a simple task to make things complex, but a complex task to make them simple.
"Anna, you musn't speak of oxidized muriatic acid anymore, from now on you must say chlorine." - Jens Jacob Berzelius, in 1820, to his cook, who had complained of the smell of the flask she was cleaning.
Some scientists claim that hydrogen, because it is so plentiful, is the basic building block of the universe. I dispute that. I say that stupidity is far more abundant than hydrogen, and THAT is the basic building block of the universe. - Frank Zappa
I find that the three truly great times for thinking thoughts are when I am standing in the shower, sitting on the John, or walking. - Colin Fletcher
Confidence is what you feel before you fully comprehend the situation.
If you give a boy and a pig everything they want, you'll get a bad boy and a good pig.
He who laughs last probably didn't get the joke.
When having a meeting of the minds, make sure you have the equipment for it.
Money is a good servant but a bad master. - French proverb
A hard fall should mean a high bounce if one is made of the right material. - The Chemist Analyst, March 1950
He that riseth late must trot all day. - Benjamin Franklin
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
Garbage in, Garbage out.
Christmas is on top of a steep hill. The closer you get, the steeper the hill is. - Linus, of Peanuts
Under most greene grasse ly most greate snakes. - Proverbs and Reasons of the Year 1585, as reprinted in Paisley magazine 1828.
Men have become the tools of their tools... - Thoreau
Although J. J. could diagnose the faults of an apparatus with uncanny accuracy, it was just as well not to let him handle it. - George Thompson, about his father
Material copied from one scholarly book without credit comprises plagiarism.
		Material copied from two scholarly books comprises an essay.
		Material copied from three scholarly books comprises a dissertation.Material copied from four scholarly books comprises a fifth scholarly book. - C&EN, 25 Feb 1980
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get one, but you won't come up with a handful of mud, either. - Leo Burnett (Ad agency head)
Most bureaucracies function like a septic tank. The large chunks rise to the top.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants. - A. Whitney Brown
In nature there are neither rewards or punishments - there are consequences. - Robert Green Ingersoll
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. - Marcel Proust
I don't exactly understand what you are saying, but you are absolutely right. - M. S. Gordon, in a NDSU faculty meeting
The numbers are meaningless, but the trends are important. - Larry Burggraf
Knowledge is of two kinds:  we know a subject ourselves or we know where we can find information upon it. - Samuel Johnson
On the choice of the correct language - I speak Spanish to god, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse. - Charles V
Reality is for people who can't face science fiction.
Silverman's paradox - if Murphy's law can go wrong, it will.
Support the right to arm bears! (add a claws to the bill of rights)
A mathematician is a machine for turning coffee into theorems. - Quoted by Paul Erdos
Almost anything is easier to get into than out of. - Agnes Allen's law from Paul Dickson's "The Official Rules"
The test of a first rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function. One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
Desk: a wastebasket with drawers.
"I could have done it in a much more complicated way" said the red queen, immensely proud. - Lewis Carroll
Abalone: an expression of disbelief.
IBM compatibility is like pregnancy. You are or you are not. - Adam Osborne
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything. - T. A. Edison.
A rope over the top of a fence has the same length on each side. Weighs 1/3 pound per foot. On one end hangs a monkey holding a banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey. The banana weighs two ounces per inch. The rope is as long as the age of the monkey, and the weight of the monkey (in ounces) is as much as the age of the monkey's mother. The combined ages of monkey and mother are thirty years. Half the weight of the monkey, plus the weight of the banana, is one fourth as much as the weigh of the weight and the rope. The monkey's mother is half as old as the monkey will be when it is 3 times as old as its mother was when she was half as old as the monkey will be when it is
as old as its mother will be when she is 4 times as old as the monkey was when it was twice as old as its mother was when she was one third as old as the monkey was when it was as old as its mother was when she was 3 times as old as the monkey was when it was as old as its mother was when she was 3 times as old as the monkey was when it was one fourth was old as it is now. How long is the banana?
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it! - Jonathan Winters
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. - D. Adams
Time is nature's way of making sure everything doesn't happen at once. - Woody Allen
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired.  I'm certainly not! But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am! - Monty Python
Do not let selfish men or greedy interests skin your country of its beauty, its riches, or its romance. - Theodore Roosevelt
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove lid again; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more. - Mark Twain
Time has a wonderful way of weeding out the trivial. - Richard Ben Sapir
Education is not training but rather the process that equips you to
entertain yourself, a friend, or an idea. - Wallace Sterling
There's small choice in a bowl of rotten apples. - Shakespeare
Let us learn to dream, gentlemen, then perhaps we shall discover the truth; but let us beware of publishing our dreams abroad before they have been scrutinized by our vigilant intellect ... let us always allow the fruit to hang until it is ripe. Unripe fruit brings even the grower but little profit; it damages the health of those who consume it; it endangers particularly the youth who cannot yet distinguish between ripe and unripe fruit. - Kekule, 1890
The large print giveth, and the small print taketh away. - Tom Waites
We find comfort among those who agree with us - growth among those who don't. - Frank A. Clark
It is a profoundly erroneous truism ... that we should cultivate the habit of thinking of what we are doing. The precise opposite is the case. Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them. - Alfred North Whitehead
Truth, in science, can be defined as the working hypothesis best fitted to open the way to the next better one. - Konrad Lorenz
All things are possible except skiing through a revolving door.
In-laws are like seeds. You don't need them but they come with the tomato.
Never listen to criticism or you'll be doin' everybody else's thing but your own. - Andy Capp
Lending money to friends causes them to lose their memories. - Peter's theory of reciprocal inhibition of fiscal recall
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen. - John Steinbeck
If it's not true, it's well invented. - Dante
The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it. - Doug Larson
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval. - George Santayana
You can wipe the slate clean, but you'll still have to eat a little chalk dust.
Life may have no meaning. Or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove. - Ashleigh Brilliant
Charlie Brown..'I can't get that stupid kite in the air... I can't... I CANNOT...'
		Lucy..'oh come now Charlie Brown...that's no way to talk... the trouble with you is you don't believe in yourself... you don't believe in your own abilities... you've got to say to yourself...'I believe I can fly this kite.'... go ahead say it....'
		Charlie Brown..'I believe that I can fly this stupid kite.....I believe that I can fly this kite........ I ACTUALLY BELIEVE THAT I CAN ******'
		Lucy..'I'll bet you ten-to-one you're wrong.......' - Schulz
The hurrieder I go, the behinder I get.
Life is a continual struggle against the tendency to produce entropy.
Some people try to pull the wool over your eyes using the wrong yarn.
Revolutions have never lightened the burden of tyranny: they have merely shifted it to other shoulders. - G. B. Shaw (1903)
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. - Mignon McLaughlin
Some physicists would prefer to come back to the idea of an objective real world whose smallest parts exist objectively in the same sense as stones or trees exist independently of whether we observe them. This, however, is impossible. - Werner Heisenberg
The problem with the ladder of success is you can't climb it while you're twiddling your thumbs.
The only difference between eccentrics and joggers is that joggers wear sweatbands when they run in the rain.
It cannot be my beauty, for I have none; and it cannot be my wit, for he has not enough to know that I have any. - Catharine Sedley, puzzled about why she was mistress to James II
When it comes to cash flow, it seems like the tide is always going out.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned; republicans form censorship committees and read them as a group.
Mystery is the wisdom of blockheads... - Horace Walpole
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. - A. Einstein
I claim not to have controlled events, but confess plainly that events have controlled me. - A. Lincoln
On induction, or "why do you believe the sun will rise tomorrow?": ... the farmer who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken. - Bertrand Russell
Good sense about trivialities is better than nonsense about things that matter. - Max Beerbohm
Nature will tell you a direct lie if she can. - Charles Darwin
You shouldn't let people drive you crazy when you know it's within walking distance.
